Compass.

Contents
0. Extremely important caveat
1. What is Compass?
2. What is Compass not?
2. What can I do with Compass?
3. How do I contribute?
4. The code itself
	a. The ruby prototype - a command line Catan
	b. The java objects - ready for GUI hooks

0. Extremely important caveat

This code has absolutely no license agreement from the owners of the Settlers of Catan IP or trademarks. At the moment this is very much 
a vanity project to give the project founder an opportunity to flex his ruby and Java muscles. Thus, *any* use of this code to create fully
working Catan executables is potentially, from a legal standpoint, extremely unwise, and the project owner(s) do not indemnify you in any way
against this risk.
	
1. What is Compass?

Compass is an open source library to represent the objects and rules of the game Settlers of Catan.

Compass will be fully prototyped in ruby as a playable (well, almost) command line game.

Compass will eventually provide a java implementation of the game's objects, rules engine and actions, each provided with
hooks for a user interface to plug into and receive callbacks from.

Compass is, essentially, a vanity project for the time being - there being obvious licensing issues should
this code ever be used commercially.

2. What is Compass not?

Compass is not, and never will be, a GUI based Settlers of Catan executable
Compass is not a Server/Client project to allow networked games of Settlers of Catan (there's nothing to stop you extending it thusly, though)
Compass is in no way associated with the original creators of Settlers of Catan, and it isn't licensed by them either.

3. What can I do with Compass?

You could potentially use Compass as a base set of libraries upon which to base your own extension to the original SoC 
game rules. The framework provided by the libraries should make this considerably easier to do this than creating your own 
structures from scratch, and the way to tie in your additions should (especially via the use of Spring in the java area) be
fairly intuitive.

The main intended use is to act a clean interface to the rules and objects of the game itself; so, as a client of the code
you have all the hooks you need to control and view how the game is unfolding. If you're into your patterns, Compass is very
much the Model and Controller of the game - you will have to provide the View, and suitable methods of acting upon it.

4a. Ruby code

TODO: Write about how the ruby code works, development practice, etc.

b. Java code

TODO: Write about how the Java code works, development practice, etc.